Additional known issue for 8.17.4 RNs (#6727)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.17.asciidoc

====
// end::known-issue[]

// tag::known-issue[]
[discrete]

> .Installing an {elastic-defend} integration or a new agent policy upgrades all the installed prebuilt rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Installing an {elastic-defend} integration or a new agent policy upgrades installed prebuilt rules, overwriting user-added actions and exceptions
```
